[OSDOCS-3207] added note about unsupported ingress operator to AWS PrivateLink (#50269)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osd-aws-privatelink-about.adoc

[id="osd-aws-privatelink-about.adoc_{context}"]
= Understanding AWS PrivateLink

> A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets, internet gateways, or network address translation (NAT) gateways. In this configuration, Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink to manage and monitor a cluster in order to avoid all public ingress network traffic. Because of this configuration, AWS PrivateLink clusters do not support the Ingress Operator.

Reviewer: This is not entirely accurate. AWS PrivateLink clusters do indeed have an Ingress Operator, but it's just not on a public subnet. It creates a load balancer on their private subnet.

> A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets, internet gateways, or network address translation (NAT) gateways. In this configuration, Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink to manage and monitor a cluster in order to avoid all public ingress network traffic. Because of this configuration, AWS PrivateLink clusters do not support the Ingress Operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets, internet gateways, or network address translation (NAT) gateways. In this configuration, Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink to manage and monitor a cluster in order to avoid all public ingress network traffic. Without a public subnet, it is not possible to configure an application router as public, private application routers are the only option.
```

Maybe something to that effect?

Reviewer: Looks good, thanks!

> A {product-title} cluster can be created without any requirements on public subnets, internet gateways, or network address translation (NAT) gateways. In this configuration, Red Hat uses AWS PrivateLink to manage and monitor a cluster to avoid all public ingress network traffic. Without a public subnet, it is not possible to configure an application router as public. Private application routers are the only option.

Reviewer 3: Although the preceding sentence sets the context, the last sentence might be written better. For example, 
_Configuring private application routers is the only option._
or 
_Private application routers are the only option to ..._
